the light show thanks didn't get it to
his man I'll tell you he got held up in
the world good timing I'm and it might
be a delight all your bar light look if
I see that was give us all be open man I
can't get ready he's outside with am
flipping out of hill it's why what
should you get me playstation 2 that big
old box they were replying that football
game right there get me a movie kill my
mom
shut up how about no shut up give you
that computer right there give me one
like that in the printer them on getting
you a new one giving a little monster
right there do mine yo what's good with
job man every time I watched this video
and all my old videos from my old
recordings fun with me and my homeboys
when younger I just smiled like those
days was so fun so this is the first
time actually seeing the ps2 um you
heard the beginning where I was telling
mom I wanted it so it was me and my
homeboys that I grew up with you know
you got feeling Donald right there that
you got a man's friend on the right
right there then I man stand in front of
TV he really wasn't part of my like
close-knit Clint but he was a little
young cat that we do back in the day
that we used to hang with his name was
fern now he wasn't super younger than us
he was about two years younger us behave
my homeboys at this at the time of this
recording we were high school freshman
so we were 14 going on 15 and he was 12
going on 13 even though he looked like
he was a 12 but I man was actually the
only 12 years old going on 13 so we were
really young um but this was a video
camera I got during this Christmas in
two thousand and I just went when I got
it I just had to do a whole bunch of
cord and i'm so glad i did because like
I have so many tapes and footage of me
and my homeboys when we were younger and
we were just having fun like and I sit
back in just remember this song that
stuff because now as an adult and I'm
heading to my 30s next year I'll be 30
years old I sit back and just think of
all the fun we used to have and how we
can't really have that much fun now I
mean you can still do it but
first of all you can't be out there
being all around the crazy like we were
young is like our video footage of us
just making noise out throughout the
neighborhood just probably bothering
every neighbor we had out there can we
were just loud and obnoxious being some
weird clowns out there just making crazy
so we can't do that anymore um plus like
I got video footage of us you know
playing you know neighborhood football I
used to be our thing recent love playing
football and I live video footage of
that which is which is also great to
watch and I uploaded every once in a
while on facebook so the guys can see it
but we can't do that in the warm because
you know as you get older your
metabolism slows down on top of that
since you you're not as active you don't
have school where you have gym or
anything like that you know you will
gain weight and on top of that my
homeboys became every drinkers as we
turn 21 and liquor will make you get fat
as a yeast in it that has a lot of
calories in it a lot of my friends are
walking around looking like gucci mane
and Waka Flocka he saw a fat a walker
after a while when he started tricking
it he developed that pregnant stomach
like gucci and that's how a lot of my
homeboys look now because of that so
yeah that football stuff is pretty much
dead even though actually I saw them
playing on a flag football tennis you
ain't invite me I was upset about that
but he knows whatever but um yeah man i
just wish that i could go back to those
days when you were wild and crazy and
had no responsibility only thing we had
to worry about with school and homework
bro now you know some of my homies got
kids you know they got a family that got
wife and as you get older you know you
gain more responsibility that's the
thing like as a kid you wanted to get
older because you feel like you get that
freedom you will get that freedom to do
whatever you want but as a younger my
mom's didn't really hold me back from
anything I used to cover the house
eleven o'clock at night when I was a kid
and she didn't have a problem with that
although she knew why I was but I mean I
can stay out so all night if I want to
now but hey she can't do nothing about
it but okay I didn't have that problem
back then but yeah you will get those
freedoms but with those freedoms it
comes no responsibilities a lot more
there's no more school but then there's
work work is pretty much taking the
place of school you got to be there
every day early in the morning whichever
you got the managers which are the
principles everything like that you get
it on top of that you got tons and
responsibilities you got a family you
got to take care of the family you got
to pay bills you gotta pay rent you
gotta pay for your kids clothes you got
to pay for food to eat things like that
and it's a lot more stressful another
thing about getting older and it sucks
is people that were in your life when
you were younger they start disappearing
right if it was friends or family as you
get older everyone else around you gets
older so your grandparents they died out
even sometimes unfortunately your
parents may die out they made out from
her sickness as you know my father
passed away last year and it was it
because I old age it was because of an
illness he he had which was not a you
know a regular illness it was a drinking
habit you know he passed away from that
so people died out and said um but like
i said if i could i would definitely
love to go back to back in the day when
I was a caveman like I just think about
that time that's one of the greatest
times of my life definitely wanted wits
times in my life so what I'm sad is
reason making this video is if you're a
young adult or your teenager man you
know be young as long as you can don't
rush to get old because it's not really
as fun as you think it's gonna be it's
gonna be nothing but stress and take
your time I mean we all got to get old
so you eventually you're going to get
there but don't rush it this your boy
take a que game fanatic to Michael
Jordan game it and I hope you got some
uh
some good information is good inside out
of this video but i'll be going by ah
each other by my phone call away if you
gotta fight malaria bread shutter fight
delavega oh it's something else with it
least I've been as need oh so I don't
even worse is not mess with guys you
been a zombie I says be a partner you
know why is this new blossom and adil
now he booted me I would say right here
i'll say whatever i get John keeps
Koosman okay how is it my hero shot
again let's press each other by change
out those two of a getaway thanks love a
game